To do list for new features or bugs to be fixed

CURRENTLY WORKING ON:

Make the UI look prettier
	Some repeat strings don't really look nice (ex: offset strings are always plural + sound funky,
	months are shorthand)
		Use quantity strings
New ListableEditor features
	Switches for ringtone and vibration (?)
	Slider for ringtone volume
	Customizable vibrations?
		If we do this, probably want to manage our own Vibrator instead of relying on the
			NotificationChannel's (can't change per alarm, is editable by user in settings)
	dialog box + scrollview for days/months (don't have to worry about something similar to flow layout)
Settings activity and some ideas for settings:
	Uppercase/lowercase for time strings (PM vs pm, currently hardcoded to lowercase)
	Theme changes
	Clock or spinner for date or time pickers (see styles.xml)
	Default alarm settings (repeat type, ringtone, volume, etc)
Use a (color) selector to make disabled alarms more obvious (MainActivity)
	See https://programmer.ink/think/a-detailed-explanation-of-the-use-of-selector-in-android.html
Style all components
	Also ensure all components of a single type all have the same style (or children of it)
Make documentation less... conversational?
Make snake_case and camelCase variables and stuff all consistent?
Make CardViews draggable (to reorder within folders??)
	Helpful Android documentation: https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/ui/drag-drop
	Dragging items would interfere with the dragging of the list view so maybe not
Perhaps make setter functions return a ref to the object (allow chain setting)
Remove superfluous methods and unnecessary fields
	Same with styles or strings or colors or attr or dimens or...
Silent exiting (+ logging) when encountering issues or raising exceptions?
	Could also print stack trace
Could remove the isActive field in edit strings (not REALLY necessary... I think)
Make more tests
Could use DiffUtil perhaps for differences between versions of lists (minimal animations)
Show multiple alarms if they ring near the same time (in a notification? together with the other alarm?)
	What happens right now is that they will ring one after the other (a feature, not a bug?)
Confirm permissions haven't been revoked?
Could use created time as a key for listables
Between versions, transfer alarms list (so data isn't lost)
Fade in alarm sounds
Perhaps the folder animation looks a bit stiff because the folder itself doesn't move
Reorder alarms within a folder
Make "offset from now" only a thing in the Editor (the alarms are always offset from a specific time)
	Makes it so that when you're trying to edit an alarm, it will KEEP the same offset if you don't
	change the offset time
	If it's close enough (within the minute or something), shouldn't change ringTime at all (makes it exact)
Preview alarm (mostly for volume)?

BUGS
Vibration only occurs right when the alarm starts ringing (doesn't loop)
Will stop ringing if the notification is clicked in the notifications bar (a feature, not a bug?)
It is possible to duplicate an alarm notification if the user interacts with the app during an
	active ringing alarm (like setting or deleting something)
	Possible solution: make the dataService "silent" and have it not change the PendingIntent until
		it is not silenced anymore (or it dies and restarts)
		In that case, the flag would automatically set it to be "silent" from the start
Animations for folder opening/closing should only be played when the folder in question is clicked
Sometimes requires you to unlock your phone to turn off the alarm (when off)
For February 29 in particular, REPEAT_DATE_MONTHLY may fail if it's ONLY February for repeat months
	Should repeat every 4 years, with some exceptions...
	Currently it will repeat on March 1st every year (Feb 29 on the first month only)
If the date doesn't currently exist, will use an incorrect date
	Ex: trying to set an alarm (like a REPEAT_YEARLY) for Feb 29 on a non-leap year
	Doesn't check if the date exists when saving to the alarm in the first place (Alarm.ringTime)
Might not update time of an ONCE_REL alarm if you turn it on and it's overdue (offsets from current
time correctly but doesn't show it on the alarm itself until something else triggers a refresh)
If adding a new alarm, doesn't nest it correctly (just becomes the last alarm)

